docs/support-verify-users (#11)
dixahq/ios-messenger: README.md

Messenger.clearUserCredentials()
```

**Verified**

> Authentication is done using a JWE token, that is signed with one of the private keys, configured in the DixaMessenger Dashboard. This token needs to be specified programatically, as opposed to the **Claimed** authentication where the SDK will ask the user to input their username and email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication is done using a JWE token, that is signed with one of the private keys, configured in the Dixa Messenger Dashboard. This token needs to be specified programatically, as opposed to the **Claimed** authentication where the SDK will ask the user to input their username and email.
```

```swift
    /// Update the user authentication jwe-token
    /// - Parameters:
    ///   - token: jwe token
Messenger.verifyUser(token: String)

> /// Removes jwe-token, if there's stored any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// Removes jwe-token, if it is stored.
```
